README.md, before:

# Portfolio Blog Starter

This is a porfolio site template complete with a blog. Includes:

- MDX and Markdown support
- Optimized for SEO (sitemap, robots, JSON-LD schema)
- RSS Feed
- Dynamic OG images
- Syntax highlighting
- Tailwind v4
- Vercel Speed Insights / Web Analytics
- Geist font

## Demo

https://portfolio-blog-starter.vercel.app

## How to Use

You can choose from one of the following two methods to use this repository:

### One-Click Deploy

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=vercel-examples):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/examples/tree/main/solutions/blog&project-name=blog&repository-name=blog)

### Clone and Deploy

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
pnpm create next-app --example https://github.com/vercel/examples/tree/main/solutions/blog blog
```

Then, run Next.js in development mode:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/templates) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying)).

Commit message:

Remove @giscus/react dependency and update README for Kenneth MacDonald's Archive
- Deleted @giscus/react from dependencies in package.json and pnpm-lock.yaml.
- Revised README to reflect the new project title and description, emphasizing the personal digital archive and its content structure.
- Enhanced layout metadata for improved clarity and consistency in branding.

README.md, after:

# Kenneth MacDonald's Archive

Personal digital archive by Kenneth MacDonald - ongoing field notes and occasional blog posts.

## Live Site

[archive-kmacdonald.vercel.app](https://archive-kmacdonald.vercel.app)

## About

This is my space for sharing thoughts, field notes, and observations. Nothing nuanced - just reflections from my journey.

### Posts
Blog posts organized by topics and tags, covering various thoughts and insights.

### Brain ATM
Stream of consciousness. Thoughts and current mental state.

### Open Questions  
Questions I'm pondering that I'd love input on.

### Links
Repository of interesting products, resources, and discoveries.

## Built With

- Next.js 15 with React 19
- Tailwind CSS v4
- TypeScript
- Notion integration for content management
- Notion integration for comment system
- Vercel Analytics and Speed Insights
- Sugar High syntax highlighting
- React Tweet embedding
- RSS feed and sitemap generation
- Dynamic OG image generation
- Geist font family
- Vitest for testing

---

*Currently maintained and updated regularly as an active archive.*
